Service-level agreements (#2452)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-undefined-Platform-SLA.md

---
date: 2024-09-23
title: Service-level agreement for Platforms
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-9vjGQz8Ag
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
---

> The [Service-level agreement for Platforms](/concepts/platform-sla/) now provides a more precise definition on how Cumulocity manages the Cumulocity IoT platform service for your tenants and what might be possible limitations and responsbilities that you should be aware of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Service-level agreement for Platforms](/concepts/platform-sla/) now provides a more precise definition on how {{< company-c8y >}} manages the{{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform service for your tenants and what might be possible limitations and responsibilities that you should be aware of.
```
